Add SSH/SFTP public keys for FSBucket addons (#510)
CleverCloud/documentation: content/doc/addons/fs-bucket.md

The **File explorer** tab of the **add-on dashboard** gives you access to your files
in the FS bucket.

### From your favorite SFTP client

> The **Add-on information** tab of your FS Bucket add-on displays the information
> you need to connect to your bucket using SFTP. Additionally, the following SSH
> public keys can be used to verify the authenticity of the connection and ensure
> that it is established with the trusted service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Add-on information** tab of your FS Bucket in [Clever Cloud Console](https://console.clever-cloud.com) displays information you need to connect using SSH FTP (SFTP). You can use the following SSH public keys to ensure the connection is authentic and trusted:
```

Author: Done, I also changed « SSH FTP » to its full name because it looked weird.
